.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2020 Ted Unangst
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt RELIVERATOR 8
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm reliverator
.Nd a mail server for 2020
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
daemon sends and receives email using smtp.
.Ss Setup
.Pp
Run init to create a database.
.Pp
.Nm
listens on 0.0.0.0:25 and 127.0.0.1:587.
Connections from remote servers are delivered locally.
Connections to the submission port are relayed.
.Ss Build
Start by running make.
Please be patient; rustc is slow.
.Ss Config
The follow options may be specified in the config file.
.Bl -tag -width servername
.It servername
Server's hostname.
.It alias
alias root tedu to have root's mail delivered to tedu.
.It certfile
The server's public certificate chain.
.It keyname
The server's private key.
.El
.Ss Security
.Nm
is not to be trusted.
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width reliverator.conf
.It Pa reliverator.conf
Config file.
.It Pa reliverator.db
Storage for messages to be relayed.
.El
.Sh CAVEATS
Good grief.
